10217 Notes.md, before:

Notes.md

UX 
- [x] Add underlines under each accordion item in "Other Ways to File a Case"
- [x] Correct font-family for dashboard error banner title 
- [x] Should there be a way to clear the file in the input?

Engineering bug
- [x] Files uploaded in step 2 clear out if you navigate back to step 2
- [x] Check validation logic to make sure ATPs documents are not required for creating electronic petitions. (currently does not get past review page)
- [ ] small nit pick, how do we find a location to import event codes i.e `ATP_EVENT_CODE` in `petitionQcHelper.ts`
- [x] Add pdf validation icons for uploaded ATPs in `Tabs`
- [ ] How does validating that IRS was served when there are already ATP docs?
    - How can we confirm email was sent 'locally'? So far, I'm validating the logs in web api to see that destinations was populated
- [ ] (Nechama) Clean up Multi Select File Input component
- [ ] write smoketests to anaylize the impact of 'processing' ATP when serving cases
- [ ] what validation sequence should be run on file upload?
- [ ] Unit tests for creating ATPs
- [ ] Unit tests for serving ATPs

PO Questions
- [ ] When QCing an electronic petition, should the "IRS Notice Provided?" option default to the selection the petitioner made when creating it?
- [ ] Should the ATP tab show in the QC process when a case is filed electronically?

Commit message:

10217 - update text in various places

10217 Notes.md, after:

Notes.md

UX 
- [x] Add underlines under each accordion item in "Other Ways to File a Case"
- [x] Correct font-family for dashboard error banner title 
- [x] Should there be a way to clear the file in the input?
- [ ] "File size is too big" warning appears as a JS alert by default; should it appear as a modal instead?
- [ ] Are all text changes deliberate? i.e. start case step 2

Engineering bug
- [x] Files uploaded in step 2 clear out if you navigate back to step 2
- [x] Check validation logic to make sure ATPs documents are not required for creating electronic petitions. (currently does not get past review page)
- [ ] small nit pick, how do we find a location to import event codes i.e `ATP_EVENT_CODE` in `petitionQcHelper.ts`
- [x] Add pdf validation icons for uploaded ATPs in `Tabs`
- [ ] How does validating that IRS was served when there are already ATP docs?
    - How can we confirm email was sent 'locally'? So far, I'm validating the logs in web api to see that destinations was populated
- [ ] (Nechama) Clean up Multi Select File Input component
- [ ] write smoketests to anaylize the impact of 'processing' ATP when serving cases
- [ ] what validation sequence should be run on file upload?
- [ ] Unit tests for creating ATPs
- [ ] Unit tests for serving ATPs

PO Questions
- [ ] When QCing an electronic petition, should the "IRS Notice Provided?" option default to the selection the petitioner made when creating it?
- [ ] Should the ATP tab show in the QC process when a case is filed electronically?
