# What is Dawson?

This part of the documentation is meant to give a beginner a complete overview of what dawson is, screen shots of the user interfaces, maybe videos giving a walkthrough of the system, it's purpose, etc.  Who it was built for, etc.  Maybe define some important terms such as **petitioner** or **petition**.

## Overview

**The [United States Tax Court](https://ustaxcourt.gov/)** is an independent Federal court that provides a forum for settling disputes between taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service. There are approximately 200 employees at the Court and they handle approximately 60,000 petitions each year. About 60% of these petitions are filed from people without lawyers.

**[DAWSON](https://dawson.ustaxcourt.gov/) (Docket Access Within a Secure Online Network)** is the U.S. Tax Court's open source electronic filing and case management system, available in this repository. It was [named after a beloved Judge](https://www.ustaxcourt.gov/dawson.html) that kept meticulous records.

**[Flexion](https://flexion.us/)** is the competitively awarded contractor that has been working on DAWSON since 2018. **18F** is a federal digital service team serving as advisors to the U.S. Tx Court and have paired with the U.S. Tax Court since the inception of DAWSON.


## Video Walkthroughs

## Screen Shots

## Users

hello!

### External Users

#### Petitioner

The taxpayer bringing a case before the Tax Court.

#### Practitioner

The Tax Court is the only court that allows an individual who is not an attorney to represent a party in a case; therefore, the representation on both sides of a case are referred to as practitioners.  A private practitioner is the person representing the petitioner in the case. A practitioner representing the respondent is an IRS attorney.
#### Respondent

A defendant in a lawsuit. In our case, always the IRS.
### Internal Users

#### Petitions Clerk

#### Docket Clerk

#### Judge

#### ADC

#### Trial Clerk

#### Clerk of Court

#### Chambers

#### Floater

## Terminology

### Petition
The case-initiating document containing the petition form and IRS notice(s) submitted by the petitioner or practitioner and recorded as an entry in the Docket Record.

### Case
A dispute between two parties, in our case the petitioner and the IRS, that must be resolved by a judge

#### Blocked
Case is prevented from being set for trial. A blocked case will not display as eligible for upcoming trial sessions and cannot be manually added to a trial session until block is removed (See also Automatic Block)

#### Automatic Blocked
Case is temporarily blocked from trial due to a pending item or due date.

#### Sealed
Case that is restricted to the public; public users do not have access to view sealed cases; only parties associated with the case and internal users can view sealed case information
#### Parties  

Anybody associated with the case e.g. Tax payers, Private Practititioners and IRS Respondents.

#### Notes
General note associated with a single case; this note can be created/edited/viewed by all internal users
### Docket Entry
A single, unique line item on the Docket Record, including external filings, court-issued documents, or can be system generated.

### Docket Record
List of all documents filed and served in a case, as well as system generated entries generated by party or Tax Court actions in the system.
### Trial Session
A period of time (one week) in which a USTC judge and trail clerk will visit a city (trial location) and hold trial for cases.
### Reports

### Advanced Search

#### Case Search
* Can search by docket number or petitioner name
* When searching by docket number, name fields are cleared and vice versa


Search by Docket Number
* Must be in format XXX-XX (including year)
* Exact match goes directly to Case Detail
* No match displays "No match" messaging
* Available to unauthenticated users, practitioners, respondent, and internal users
* Not available to authenticated petitioners

Search by Name
* if there is an exact match, displays exact match as first results, with fuzzy results below
* If only one match, search result is still displayed in table (does not go directly to Case Detail)
* If more than one match, displayed in order of relevancy (determined by elasticsearch)
* Results include any names that are included in the case caption (may not be the "petitioner")

#### Practitioner Search
Search by name
* should search First Name and Last Name fields
* matching results should be sorted by relevancy Sort Order
* Exact matches (if multiple exact matches- sort them by bar number)
* Partial matches by relevancy (same as Petitioner name search)

Search by bar number
* if there is exact match, navigate to Practitioner Info page (design to be implemented in 4365)
* if there is no exact match, display "No matching results"



#### Order Search

* search is limited to Orders that have been served
* Orders in sealed cases display in internal order search results but do NOT display in public order search results

Search by keyword
* is required for search
* searches Order title and text content

Filters (narrow your search)

Docket Number or Case Title
* User can filter by either a docket number or the case title/petitioner's name
* If both fields are entered, user will receive error

Judge
* Filters by the judge who signed the order

Start Date - End Date
* Filters by the served date of the order
* If a Start date is entered but no end date, the end date defaults to today


#### Opinion Search
* search is limited to Opinions that have been served
* Opinions for sealed cases appear in internal and public Opinion search results

Search by keyword
* is required for search
* searches Opinion title and text content

Filters (narrow your search)

Docket Number or Case Title

* User can filter by either a docket number or the case title/petitioner's name
* If both fields are entered, user will receive error

Opinion type

* Filters opinion by type: T.C. Opinion, Summary Opinion, and Memorandum Opinion

Judge

* Filters by the judge associated with the opinion (as seen on docket entry)

Start Date - End Date

* Filters by the served date of the opinion
* If a Start date is entered but no end date, the end date defaults to today