.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/onboarding.md, before:

---
name: Onboard a new team member
about: Used for new hires within the U.S. Tax Court and vendor teams to grant access
  to all relevant accounts and tools.
title: Onboard [Person]
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Welcome to the team! 🎉 😎

#### Access to tools

- [ ] GitHub — speak with your team lead to determine the appropriate repositories and levels of access in the [ustaxcourt](https://github.com/ustaxcourt) and [flexion](https://github.com/flexion) organizations.
- [ ] [Slack](https://ustaxcourt.slack.com) — look for important channels to join in [How We Work](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/docs/how-we-work.md).
- [ ] Zoom — speak with your team lead to get access to Zoom if you will be hosting meetings.
- [ ] Zendesk — get access only if you will be providing customer support.
- [ ] Trello — used for some backlogs (see the [README](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/README.md)). Work with your team lead to gain access.

#### Access to application data

- [ ] Get access to AWS accounts through AWS Organizations.
- [ ] Configure access to relevant DAWSON environments through Cognito.
- [ ] Configure Kibana logging access through Cognito.

#### Install relevant tools

- [ ] Zoom and Slack desktop clients (recommended).
- [ ] ZenHub [browser extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) (used to view backlogs).
- [ ] If you will be running or developing on the application locally, follow the setup steps in the [README](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/README.md).

#### Optional tasks

- [ ] Join any of the [Digital.gov Communities of Practice](https://digital.gov/communities/) email lists which may be beneficial to your role. These are communities used to collaborate and share resources with others across government.

Commit message:

zenhub: docs around gaining zenhub access

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/onboarding.md, after:

---
name: Onboard a new team member
about: Used for new hires within the U.S. Tax Court and vendor teams to grant access
  to all relevant accounts and tools.
title: Onboard [Person]
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

Welcome to the team! 🎉 😎

#### Access to tools

- [ ] GitHub — speak with your team lead to determine the appropriate repositories and levels of access in the [ustaxcourt](https://github.com/ustaxcourt) and [flexion](https://github.com/flexion) organizations.
- [ ] [Slack](https://ustaxcourt.slack.com) — look for important channels to join in [How We Work](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/docs/how-we-work.md).
- [ ] Zoom — speak with your team lead to get access to Zoom if you will be hosting meetings.
- [ ] Zendesk — get access only if you will be providing customer support.
- [ ] Trello — used for some backlogs (see the [README](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/README.md)). Work with your team lead to gain access.
- [ ] Zenhub — used for story, bug, and Devex/Opex backlogs (see the [Zenhub docs](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/docs/zenhub.md)). 

#### Access to application data

- [ ] Get access to AWS accounts through AWS Organizations.
- [ ] Configure access to relevant DAWSON environments through Cognito.
- [ ] Configure Kibana logging access through Cognito.

#### Install relevant tools

- [ ] Zoom and Slack desktop clients (recommended).
- [ ] ZenHub [browser extension](https://www.zenhub.com/extension) (used to view backlogs).
- [ ] If you will be running or developing on the application locally, follow the setup steps in the [README](https://github.com/ustaxcourt/ef-cms/blob/staging/README.md).

#### Optional tasks

- [ ] Join any of the [Digital.gov Communities of Practice](https://digital.gov/communities/) email lists which may be beneficial to your role. These are communities used to collaborate and share resources with others across government.
