# What is Dawson?

This part of the documentation is meant to give a beginner a complete overview of what Dawson is; it's purpose, who it was built for, screen shots of the user interfaces, maybe videos giving a walkthrough of the system, etc.  I will also define some important terms such as **petitioner** and **petition**.

## Overview

**The [United States Tax Court](https://ustaxcourt.gov/)** is an independent Federal court that provides a forum for settling disputes between taxpayers and the Internal Revenue Service. There are approximately 200 employees at the Court and they handle approximately 60,000 petitions each year. About 60% of these petitions are filed from people without lawyers.

**[DAWSON](https://dawson.ustaxcourt.gov/) (Docket Access Within a Secure Online Network)** is the U.S. Tax Court's open source electronic filing and case management system, available in this repository. It was [named after a beloved Judge](https://www.ustaxcourt.gov/dawson.html) that kept meticulous records.

**[Flexion](https://flexion.us/)** is the competitively awarded contractor that has been working on DAWSON since 2018. **18F** is a federal digital service team serving as advisors to the U.S. Tx Court and have paired with the U.S. Tax Court since the inception of DAWSON.


## Video Walkthroughs

If you're the type of person who enjoys watching video walkthroughs, we have a couple of useful links that show various use cases of our DAWSON system that can help get you up to speed on how DAWSON works.  Watching these videos in order will provide you a great overview.

1. [Intro to DAWSON](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/share/uZF_F4PtqFpIcq_WshDOY4JmNabgT6a80HQe8vALmR0BwUIquAzNxmxd52uKHPjB)
2. [Advanced Search for Case/Order/Opinion/Practitioner](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/share/u-5YdZ-zqjlLbYXXyVHOfukbHtXmaaa803cb-foIyR3CO1Scp83aBrHComXxlAxz)
3. [Generate and Sign Orders](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/play/tZcsJe6q_283TNbDtgSDUKNwW43rJ_isgSgdrvUInRu3AHEKO1H3MrEVZOYf9aFfwuCRVfk1FatdbHJ2)
4. [Notes & Messaging](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/share/6ZVTE6zT3zlJHq_P7R3fR4l9LJvUT6a8hCQcrPFemB3400xTd6zLSq6ruP2Bq6hG)
5. [Reports](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/share/78NnLqrxxFpJf5XkuEXfaKkHOZy6aaa8hnAbr_Jbnk8GLznaVOKqAiaoyrwEVhm-)
6. [Calendaring & Trial Session Management](https://www.zoomgov.com/rec/share/uf0rD77urV5OHI3Br1_9fr8KDIPjX6a81CdI_vAPmkbZQk2DZuNAPKELv6ihPY2B)
7. [Demo of Public-Facing Features](https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/play/EZTpkvLfDeXoLeW2YzhdTgpBcKoC10NumGESfgR2Aorw_E85V6vwwpCCmQOEzW9GI9M-0fvLZTxMPr_T.wWcxq5k6tZ3GI8OP)

## Screen Shots

## Users

### External Users

#### Petitioner

The taxpayer bringing a case before the Tax Court.

#### Practitioner

The Tax Court is the only court that allows an individual who is not an attorney to represent a party in a case; therefore, the representation on both sides of a case are referred to as practitioners.  A private practitioner is the person representing the petitioner in the case. A practitioner representing the respondent is an IRS attorney.
#### Respondent

A defendant in a lawsuit. In our case, always the IRS.
### Internal Users

#### Petitions Clerk

#### Docket Clerk

#### Judge

#### ADC

#### Trial Clerk

#### Clerk of Court

#### Chambers

#### Floater

## Terminology

### Petition
The case-initiating document containing the petition form and IRS notice(s) submitted by the petitioner or practitioner and recorded as an entry in the Docket Record.

### Case
A dispute between two parties, in our case the petitioner and the IRS, that must be resolved by a judge

#### Blocked
Case is prevented from being set for trial. A blocked case will not display as eligible for upcoming trial sessions and cannot be manually added to a trial session until block is removed (See also Automatic Block)

#### Automatic Blocked
Case is temporarily blocked from trial due to a pending item or due date.

#### Sealed
Case that is restricted to the public; public users do not have access to view sealed cases; only parties associated with the case and internal users can view sealed case information
#### Parties  

Anybody associated with the case e.g. Tax payers, Private Practititioners and IRS Respondents.

#### Notes
General note associated with a single case; this note can be created/edited/viewed by all internal users
### Docket Entry
A single, unique line item on the Docket Record, including external filings, court-issued documents, or can be system generated.

### Docket Record
List of all documents filed and served in a case, as well as system generated entries generated by party or Tax Court actions in the system.
### Trial Session
A period of time (one week) in which a USTC judge and trail clerk will visit a city (trial location) and hold trial for cases.
### Reports

### Advanced Search

#### Case Search
* Can search by docket number or petitioner name
* When searching by docket number, name fields are cleared and vice versa


Search by Docket Number
* Must be in format XXX-XX (including year)
* Exact match goes directly to Case Detail
* No match displays "No match" messaging
* Available to unauthenticated users, practitioners, respondent, and internal users
* Not available to authenticated petitioners

Search by Name
* if there is an exact match, displays exact match as first results, with fuzzy results below
* If only one match, search result is still displayed in table (does not go directly to Case Detail)
* If more than one match, displayed in order of relevancy (determined by elasticsearch)
* Results include any names that are included in the case caption (may not be the "petitioner")

#### Practitioner Search
Search by name
* should search First Name and Last Name fields
* matching results should be sorted by relevancy Sort Order
* Exact matches (if multiple exact matches- sort them by bar number)
* Partial matches by relevancy (same as Petitioner name search)

Search by bar number
* if there is exact match, navigate to Practitioner Info page (design to be implemented in 4365)
* if there is no exact match, display "No matching results"



#### Order Search

* search is limited to Orders that have been served
* Orders in sealed cases display in internal order search results but do NOT display in public order search results

Search by keyword
* is required for search
* searches Order title and text content

Filters (narrow your search)

Docket Number or Case Title
* User can filter by either a docket number or the case title/petitioner's name
* If both fields are entered, user will receive error

Judge
* Filters by the judge who signed the order

Start Date - End Date
* Filters by the served date of the order
* If a Start date is entered but no end date, the end date defaults to today


#### Opinion Search
* search is limited to Opinions that have been served
* Opinions for sealed cases appear in internal and public Opinion search results

Search by keyword
* is required for search
* searches Opinion title and text content

Filters (narrow your search)

Docket Number or Case Title

* User can filter by either a docket number or the case title/petitioner's name
* If both fields are entered, user will receive error

Opinion type

* Filters opinion by type: T.C. Opinion, Summary Opinion, and Memorandum Opinion

Judge

* Filters by the judge associated with the opinion (as seen on docket entry)

Start Date - End Date

* Filters by the served date of the opinion
* If a Start date is entered but no end date, the end date defaults to today